the biggest volume of discharge in slovak rivers is during spring , when the snow is melting from the mountains .
it is the second of the band 's vivaldi project , a planned series of four albums representing the four season -- spring , summer , autumn and winter respectively .
trading with canada since taking command of the '' jean '' , every spring and fall , allan took his brig from greenock to montreal and back again .
it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
it falls from mid-march to mid-april and is the last month of spring ( bôsôntô ) .
according to her dictionary of american naval fighting ships entry , waubansee was being prepared for reactivation at the time of the entry 's publication in the spring of 1979 , but there are no available records that confirm a reactivation .
in temperate and subpolar regions , generally four seasons are recognized : spring , summer , autumn and winter , astronomically marked by the sun reaching the points of equinox and solstice , although the climatic seasons lag behind their astronomical markers .
the don january golf classic is a golf tournament played annually in the spring that was established to honor him in 1980 by his alma mater , now known as the university of north texas .
the ottawa international writers festival is a literary festival which takes place twice annually , in spring and fall , in ottawa , ontario , canada .
that means the seasons consist of warm summer , mild wet winter , cool pleasant fall , and warm spring .
throughout the year , bartholomew sees the king getting angry at rain in spring , sun in summer , fog in autumn , and snow in winter .
the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
it can also be found in europe during spring , summer , and autumn .
the world league of american football was founded in 1991 to serve as a type of spring league .
the annual cart festival for the village deity honnadevi takes place every year during the spring .
the norwegians left in the spring , and sailed north to kintyre ; here they encountered a strong force of scots and both sides lost many men during the ensuing battle .
the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
The snow melted , leaving in its wake a harvest of spring flowers .
I can see from my perch a window downstairs in back remains open to catch the lovely spring breeze .
She walked slowly , taking in everything from the patches of blue sky visible through the trees to the spring flowers sprinkling the forest floor .
Evelyn did have a way of making even the most gruesome day of spring cleaning fun .
In the spring of 1893 a club was started in Tuscumbia , of which Mrs Keller was president , to establish a public library .
There was nothing at all within a few feet of him, aside from knee - high wild flowers waving happily in the spring breeze .
january 15 , 2005 - the ndp 's provincial council meets in moncton and decides to delay the vote from spring to fall .
every february 2 , on groundhog day , sam 's shadow is closely observed at 08 : 00 ast to make the traditional prediction whether there will be an early spring .
in a. alnifolia , they are about across , and appear on short raceme of three to 20 somewhat crowded together , in spring while the new leaves are still expanding .
where a traditional schedule has students moving to eight classes a day , the block schedule has four 90-minute classes in the fall and four different classes in the spring .
ecause the weather is perceived as frequently changing , a common saying among local people is that , '' fuyang has four seasons in spring .
climate the climate of the city is predominantly dry in winter , autumn and spring due to the low atmospheric moisture and an effective precipitation corresponding to that of a semiarid climate .
it is preceded by vasant , the spring season , and followed by varsha , the rainy season .
in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
in the southern hemisphere , the beginning of the meteorological spring is on the 1st of september .
at the time of the battle , the river was much wider than this , due to heavy spring rains and flooding .
cultivation and storage snow peas can be grown in open fields during cool seasons and can thus be cultivated during winter and spring seasons .
in spring 2007 , construction will begin on the social sciences building on the northeast side of campus .
tule fog forms from late fall through early spring ( california 's rainy season ) after the first significant rainfall .
eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
in the spring of 2013 , however , plans were put forth to turn the disibodenberg chapel into a brewpub .
in a real spring–mass system , the spring has a non-negligible mass .
the resultant compression of the internal spring creates the desired resistance ; the bullworker returns to its original position when pressure is released .
fastener and tool the basic type consists of a steel cylinder body , a plunger on the top , a spring , a pair of step-cut locks , and a spreader bar .
they were powered by spring mechanisms similar to those of clock .
henery lures the dawg out of his house by drawing a doorbell and presses it and plays a piano while the dawg dances to the music and the dawg gets whacked and trips over a banana peel and a spring while walking clumsily and landing on a rollerskate .
some choose to modify their valves by attaching a pneumatic actuator or spring to achieve a faster opening speed .
the escapement is driven by force from a coiled spring or a suspended weight , transmitted through the timepiece 's gear train .
any strain ( deformation ) of a solid material generates an internal elastic stress , analogous to the reaction force of a spring , that tends to restore the material to its original non-deformed state .
this is achieved by the initial operation of the switch lever mechanism storing potential energy , usually as mechanical stress in a spring .
spring-loaded handles are the most popular and use a spring to work the barrel 's clamp .
today 's new high performance pogo sticks - and the sport of '' xpogo '' a pogo stick is a device for jumping off the ground in a standing position , through the aid of a spring , or new high performance technologies , often used as a toy , exercise equipment , or extreme sports instrument .
at one end of the board is a spring loading bowling machine , at the other end the batsman wields a miniature wooden bat .
the time delay of a no. 9 is determined solely by the thickness of the notch in the wire , the spring tension , and the temperature .
the strut will usually carry both the coil spring on which the body is suspended and the shock absorber , which is usually in the form of a cartridge mounted within the strut ( see coilover ) .
some poles come with spring - loaded sections to aid walking under normal conditions and to reduce wrist strain , but such devices may only add unwanted weight and noise to the poles .
mechanical examples include pendulum ( with small angles of displacement ) , masses connected to spring , and acoustical system .
bean help to improve the player 's attack , while spring are used to improve his jumping height .
this allows objects made of spring steel to return to their original shape despite significant bending or twisting .
the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
the motion depicted in the animation is for the idealized situation that the force exerted by the spring increases linearly with the distance to the center of rotation .
an equatorial ring an equatorial ring was an astronomical instrument used in the hellenistic world to determine the exact moment of the spring and autumn equinoxes .
I recently put a new inner spring mattress on the bed , but the rest of it is exactly as she left it .
a spring between the handles causes the jaws to open again after closing .
the blades are closed with a rope and pulley , and they are opened with a spring .
the two main categories of protection are passive , with no moving parts , and active , which use spring to keep the gear fixed in place .
the operator may or may not include a return spring to close the door in case of power failure while the door is open .
to accomplish this , a copper or brass commutator or ' slip ring ' are affixed to the shaft , and spring press braid copper wire ` brushes ' onto the rings which conduct the current .
when the doorbell button is pressed , the first solenoid 's plunger strikes one bar , and when the button is released , a spring on the plunger pushes the plunger up , causing it to strike the other bar , creating a two-tone sound ( '' ding-dong '' ) .
an ideal hookean spring , for example , would display a straight diagonal force curve .
his fitch sprint had only minor modifications to the engine , bringing it to 155 hp ( 116 kw ) , but upgrades to the shock absorber and spring , adjustments to the wheel alignment , quicker steering ratio , alloy wheels , metallic brake lining , the obligatory wood-rimmed steering wheel ( leather available for an additional $ 9.95 ) and other such minor alterations made it extremely competitive with european sports cars costing much more .
a metal spring fixed around the edge of the rim rolls inward to fit inside the glass .
the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
series elastic actuators a spring can be designed as part of the motor actuator , to allow improved force control .
he suggested replacing the clock 's pendulum with a spring , and standardizing the number of escapement per hour .
spring force restrains the moving iron .
in mechanical clocks , the power source is typically either a weight suspended from a cord or chain wrapped around a pulley , sprocket or drum ; or a spiral spring called a mainspring .
it is commonly used in conjunction with a spring ( which acts to resist displacement ) .
the elastic response of viscoplastic materials can be represented in one-dimension by hookean spring elements .
hooke 's law is a principle of physics that states that the force needed to extend or compress a spring by some distance is proportional to that distance .
modern mattresses usually contain either an inner spring core or materials such as latex , viscoelastic or other flexible polyurethane foam .