it has the largest trunk of any tree in the world .
description yellow gum is a small to medium-sized tree with rough bark on the lower 1 -- 2 m of the trunk , above this , the bark becomes smooth with a white , yellow or bluish-grey surface .
the earliest tree was thought to be archaeopteris , which bears simple , fern - like leaves spirally arranged on branches atop a conifer - like trunk ( ) , though it is now known to be the recently discovered wattieza .
growth rings growth rings , also referred to as tree rings or annual rings , can be seen in a horizontal cross section cut through the trunk of a tree .
girdling in lille , northern france girdling , also called ring barking or ring-barking is the complete removal of a strip of bark ( consisting of cork cambium , phloem , cambium and sometimes going into the xylem ) from around the entire circumference of either a branch or trunk of a woody plant .
fouquieria columnaris pachycauls are plant with a disproportionately thick trunk for their height , and few branches .
trees of this form have a relatively long , slender trunk , steeply-angled branches , and often a conspicuously dense terminal crown , and sometimes form thickets .
description turraeanthus africana is described as a tree of the rain forest , typically , 115 ft. ( 35m ) , and having a trunk diameter of 2 to 3 ft. ( 0.6-0 .9 m ) .
its trunk was actually a large collection of stems surrounded by adventitious roots .
the desired result is to create a situation in which a low-burning fire could burn to the trunk of a tree , which is protected by its bark , without having thinner , more flammable branches , leaves or needles within easy reach of the fire .
maturation can be forced by physically abusing the main trunk , root pruning , or drought stress .
it is a small deciduous tree growing to 5 -- 10 m ( rarely 15 m ) tall , with a trunk up to 40 cm diameter .
if exbucklandia is grown in the open , the trunk forks and branch are retained close to the ground .
the papaya is a large , tree - like plant , with a single stem growing from tall , with spirally arranged leaves confined to the top of the trunk .
they can be tree-like ( arborescent ) , meaning they typically have a single more-or-less woody trunk topped by several to many branch .
cycads are seed plant typically characterized by a stout and woody ( ligneous ) trunk with a crown of large , hard and stiff , evergreen leaves .
in hydrology , stemflow is the flow of intercepted water down the trunk or stem of a plant .
the hyphae then grow over the plant roots and up into the woody trunk .
at the top of the trunk , it abruptly narrows into one or several cylindrical branch that are 30 cm ( 11.81-inch ) to 50 ( 19.69-inch ) cm by 4 cm ( 1.58-inch ) by 8 cm ( 3.15-inch ) in diameter , tapering to 3 cm ( 3.15-inch ) to 4 cm ( 1.58-inch ) in diameter .
tree grows up to 13 m tall , often buttressed at the base with a trunk up to 90 cm in diameter .
its flowers are white and grow directly from its trunk in a cauliflorous habit .
in mature specimens , the trunk is generally straight or slightly tapered and clear for 15-20 m before branching into a spreading canopy up to 35 m in diameter .
it grows to heights of up to 15 m and has a stout trunk up to 1 m in diameter .
it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
inside the trunk and root of the plant is a soapy substance high in saponin .
the species has a habit of a low growing somewhat pendulant shrub with a thickened trunk and a densely branch crown composed of numerous branches .
description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
they grow to heights of up to 25 m , or some species to 40 m. their stout trunk are up to 1 m in diameter .
its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
description the trees typically reach 40 meters in height and 1.8 meters in trunk diameter .
it grows to heights of up to 25 metres some species 40 m. and have stout trunk up to 1 metre in diameter .
description f. cupressoides is the largest tree species in south america , normally growing to 40 -- 60 m , but occasionally more than 70 m in argentina , and up to 5 m in trunk diameter .
it is usually found as a shrub or a small tree about 1 m tall with a straight trunk and pyramidal crown , which branches from the base .
epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
the leaf bases of some pinnate leaved palms ( most notable being roystonea regia or the royal palm but also including the families areca , wodyetia and pinanga ) form a sheath at the top of the trunk surrounding the bud where all the subsequent leaves are formed .
the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
looking up into the branch structure of a pinus sylvestris tree a branch ( or , ) or tree branch ( sometimes referred to in botany as a ramus ) is a woody structural member connected to but not part of the central trunk of a tree ( or sometimes a shrub ) .
the scientists discovered a large cavity in the trunk of the tree , measuring in height by in diameter .
the stem has distinctive horizontal marks , or scar , which often encircle the trunk .
the plant uniquely grows hanging upside down off a larger trunk or branch of a larger tree , often in rather cool and dry forest environments at of elevation .
on 9 may 1978 moro 's corpse was found in the trunk of a renault 4 in via caetani after 55 days of imprisonment , during which moro was submitted to a political process and the italian government was asked for an exchange of prisoners .
the high court was asked to decide if a legal warrantless search of an automobile allows closed containers found in the vehicle ( specifically , in the trunk ) to be searched as well .
they allow users of an automobile to transport objects on the roof of the vehicle without reducing interior space for occupants , or the cargo area volume limits such as in the typical car 's trunk design .
in a trunk-or-treat event , the trunk ( boot ) of each automobile is decorated with a certain theme , such as those of children 's literature , movies , scripture , and job roles .
however , the c6 is a conventional sedan/saloon with a classic trunk , and not a hatchback like its xm predecessor .
using a collapsible , fold-up motorbike made by di blasi , the driver places the motorbike in a bag in the trunk of the customers car , drives the customer to their destination , and then drives the motorbike to the next location .
a car key can open the doors , as well as start the ignition , open the glove compartment and also open the trunk ( boot ) of the car .
he wrapped the body in a cloth and put it in the trunk .
it had a wheelbase of 115 in ( 2921 mm ) , 34 × 4-inch ( 86 × 10-cm ) spoke wheels , and the choice of partial tonneau or roadster with trunk .
after the match , the unconscious disco inferno was carried from the arena inside a body bag and locked in the trunk of a car .
the new car was given a two-door sedan body , which was intended to accommodate four people and a significant amount of luggage in the trunk , thus fulfilling the projected expectations of the customers .
in most vehicles , the glove compartment closes with a latch , with the option of being locked with a key ( often desirable when using valet service , or when parking while the convertible top is down , or when the compartment contains a mechanism to open the trunk ) .
after brooks picked up his accomplice woody loudres , they put the mechanic in the trunk of the car and brooks and loudres drove to a motel .
the lack of cargo space in the prowler was universally lamented , so the howler addressed this by elongating and squaring off the back end , creating a moderate sized trunk .
oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
the corpse was found that same day in the trunk of a red renault 4 in via michelangelo caetani in the historic center of rome .
a bomb that was visible on the backseat of the car had been defused , but when a police officer opened the trunk of the alfa romeo , a second bomb exploded .
the robinsons claimed that a product defect in the car led to the injuries they sustained specifically , the audi 's gas tank was located beneath the trunk , in an area that the robinsons claimed was susceptible to being punctured and igniting in a rear-end collision .
currently the vehicle lacks features such as a storage compartment ( i.e. trunk or glove compartment ) , and the protection against bad weather is inadequate .
this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .
while other manufacturers in america at the time offered a/c on some models , their air conditioning units were driven by a large and heavy , trunk mounted expander and heat exchanger that carried the air into the car via clear plastic tubes and out through ceiling mounted vents .
in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
the x-coupe was a crossover coupe , it featured an aluminium body , a 3.0 litre turbo - diesel engine , a trunk opening downwards , two opening conventional doors that swing outward and large tire and large rims .
this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
on front-engined saloon/sedans , measuring rear overhang is helpful in predicting the size of the trunk .
many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
many vehicles also display their vehicle number on their roof or trunk ( boot ) lid , to be identifiable from the air .
a continental tire is an upright , external , mounted spare tire behind an automobile 's trunk compartment .
the drug officer walked his drug-sniffing dog around caballes ' car , and the dog alerted at the trunk .
instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
the car 's trunk capacity was also large , offering of cargo space .
in the case of the three-box form , there is a '' box '' delineating a separate volume from the a-pillar forward , a second box comprising the passenger volume , and third box comprising the trunk area e.g. , a sedan .
unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .
it had a wheelbase of 115 in ( 2921 mm ) , 34 × 4-inch ( 86 × 10-cm ) spoke wheels , and the choice of partial tonneau or roadster with trunk .
on 9 may 1978 moro 's corpse was found in the trunk of a renault 4 in via caetani after 55 days of imprisonment , during which moro was submitted to a political process and the italian government was asked for an exchange of prisoners .
the new car was given a two-door sedan body , which was intended to accommodate four people and a significant amount of luggage in the trunk , thus fulfilling the projected expectations of the customers .
a car key can open the doors , as well as start the ignition , open the glove compartment and also open the trunk ( boot ) of the car .
they allow users of an automobile to transport objects on the roof of the vehicle without reducing interior space for occupants , or the cargo area volume limits such as in the typical car 's trunk design .	