architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , the bank refused to lend him any more money .
he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .
he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
How could a man with four million in the bank be in financial danger ?
A bank account in the company name contained a balance of one million dollars as startup funds for us to secure quarters for the enterprise .
After breakfast , she closed her account at the bank and turned in her resignation .
The trio was far more comfortable now , six months later , with enough money in the bank to keep the wolves away , and expectations , if not of prosperity , of at least a reasonably comfortable coming season .
In less than a week they would be married , but somehow it seemed a violation of his bank account .
To promote commerce there are a stock and produce exchange ( Berta ) , a national bank , privileged to issue notes , and several other banking establishments .
on the basis of this huge value of inventory , he took out massive loans from various wall street bank and companies , and used the cash to buy all of the futures on the oil .
the objective of the game is to rob as many bank as possible while avoiding the police .
he was assigned to the standing committee on insurance , bank and banking ; and to the joint committee on penal and charitable institution .
however , the quality of the waves changes seasonally and from year to year , as the sand and stones that make up the beach are chronically withdrawn by the sea to form a bank where the waves break .
boat quay is a historical quay in singapore which is situated upstream from the mouth of the singapore river on its southern bank .
anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
geography erhai , viewed from its bank erhai is situated at above sea level .
globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
the power station is located immediately downstream of the dam , on the left bank .
anastomosing channels are multithreaded , but are much more stable than braided channels and commonly have thick clay and silt bank and occur at lower gradients of stream bed .
organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
tikitiki is a small town in waiapu valley on the north bank of the waiapu river in the gisborne region of the north island of new zealand .
noonday creek park is located between hawkins store road and shallowford road , along the eastern bank of noonday creek .
the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .
avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
it can often be located in forest clearing or verges , on bank or lakeshore , and on gentle slopes .
the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
at the time , it sat on the bank of the singapore river , close to a small islet called pulau saigon .
the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
houses built along the main road that leads to the river bank .
riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
singapore 's first market was located at the south bank of the singapore river .
the bridge was repeatedly extended in this manner until the opposite bank was reached .
the great fire of 1811 , which destroyed the buildings on the left bank of the tržiška bistrica river , changed the town .
for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .
the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
history the mosque 's minaret was only added in 1985 situated on the southern bank of the singapore river , kampong malacca was designated for muslim by sir stamford raffles in his 1822 town plan .
the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
wild orangutans near bukit lawang jungle near bukit lawang bukit lawang is a small tourist village at the bank of bahorok river in north sumatra province of indonesia .
She sat on the river bank across from a series of wide , large steps leading up a hill to the park where the Arch stood , framed against a black sky .
Within an hour , they were riding side - by - side down the south bank of the creek , searching for the blocked area .
Cushing himself swam to the swamps on the river bank , and after wading among them for hours reached a Federal picket boat .
He walked up and down the river bank , leading his horse behind him ; but he kept his eyes turned always toward the dim , dark spot which he knew was the old North Church .
With one last look at the river , she turned away and climbed the bank clumsily before heading towards the road leading from the bridge to her home .
She found herself walking along the bank , gaze on the souls that were moving .
Tortosa is for the most part an old walled town on the left bank of the river , with narrow , crooked and ill-paved streets , in which the houses are lofty and massively built of granite .
The town lies on the right bank of the Agno , which divides the province of Naples from that of Caserta , 90 ft .
By the peace of Luneville in 1801 France annexed all the territories of Trier on the left bank of the Rhine , and in 1802 the elector abdicated .
The burgh , which stretches for a mile along the south shore of the Firth of Forth , is intersected by the Esk and embraces the village of Fisherrow on the left bank of the river .
In the following year they concluded a peace with the zamorin and were allowed to build a fortified factory on the north bank of the Kallayi river , which was however again , and finally , abandoned in 1525 .