for ease of pouring , a pitcher , measuring cup , or decanter can be used instead .
pour designs ladles can be '' lip pour '' design , '' teapot spout '' design , '' lip-axis design '' or '' bottom pour '' design : for lip pour design the ladle is tilted and the molten metal pours out of the ladle like water from a pitcher .
pitcher or faucet - mounted water filters do not alter fluoride ; the more-expensive reverse osmosis filters remove 65 -- 95 % of fluoride , and distillation filters remove all fluoride .
a bridge-spouted vessel is a particular design of pitcher originating in antiquity ; there is typically a connecting element between the spout and filling aperture , and the spout is a completely independent aperture from the usually smaller central fill opening .
he takes a pitcher of water , recites , '' one for the money , two for the show , three to make ready and four to go !
pitcher rims , decanter necks and bases all required hand work .
pottery was found as grave goods , including combinations of pitcher and cup .
the story concerns a thirsty crow that comes upon a pitcher with water at the bottom , beyond the reach of its beak .
a sauce boat , gravy boat or saucière is a boat - shaped pitcher in which sauce or gravy is served .
the sculptural work izvorul sissi stefanidi , was created by ioan c. dimitriu bârlad ( 1890 -- 1964 ) , and it depicts a mother , aggrieved by the death of her daughter , pouring water from a pitcher .
they were made as jug , bottle and pitcher in various sizes and for a multitude of uses , including storage of food or drink , decanting wine and transporting goods .
description the painting depicts a nude standing upright between an opening in the rocks and holding in her hands a pitcher , from which water flows .
about his work marioni 's ensemble of glass vessels includes variations of vases , goblet , flasks , cups , and pitcher .
they are usually stored in a pitcher or jug with one of the corners cut off to allow for pouring .
a porron a porró , porrón , or porron ( catalan : porró in the singular , porrons in the plural ) is a traditional glass wine pitcher , which holds 3/4 litre , typical of many regions of spain like catalonia and aragón .
in the u.s. , this may be called a pitcher -- although few us pitchers are as small as a litre , generally holding between 64 and 128 u.s. fluid ounce , approximately 2-4 litres .
In American English , a pitcher is a container with a spout used for storing and pouring liquids .
Ewer is an older word for a pitcher or jug of any type .
ewer tends to be used for a vase - shaped pitcher , often decorated , with a base and a flaring spout .
In modern British English , the only use of the word is when beer is sold by the pitcher in bars and restaurants , following the American style .
The being moved to the bedside table and brought a pitcher forth , pouring steaming water into a bowl and then producing a rag .
Books and scrolls are nearby , as are servants attending him with a wine pitcher and bringing a large covered jar .
Her hands were trembling slightly , the crystal pitcher tinkling against the pewter mug .
The Olympic athlete celebrated his gold - medal win in skeleton by walking through Whistler Village with a pitcher of beer in hand .
I sat , and as my eyes grew strong again , she glided from shelf to chest , and came back with a pottery pitcher and two tiny silver beakers .
At other times , he tries too hard to show that he's just a regular guy , who enjoys the occasional pitcher of beer or toke of a joint .
She is combing out flax and keeping herself cheerful with a pitcher of wine .
She went to a table on which stood the washbasin a pitcher of water , soap and a comb and brush .
One of the broad sort, nepenthes rajah , will hold two quarts of water in its pitcher .
Old Juana appears on the veranda with a pitcher of limeade , made with fresh limes , and Manuel drinks glass after glass .
It was bigger nor my cowshed and it was long and thin and as shiny as Marthy 's old pewter pitcher her Ma brought from England .
The finest hyacinth I have ever grown in the house perfected in a handleless fancy pitcher which had no outlet at the bottom .
A handleless or mis - matched pitcher will change the entire character of a room and should never be tolerated .
At your feet is a silver tray with one cup , a silver coffee pot , a cream pitcher , and a sugar bowl .
Reaching for the pitcher on the nightstand , he poured a glass of water , then propped a hip on the edge of the bed .
He even squeezed a pitcher of fresh orange juice , receiving unanimous approval for the meal .
I knew they were watching me as I crossed the room to the water pitcher , dipped a ladleful out of it .
I had my pitcher of margaritas so I wasn't too worried , but after everyone around us had appetizers I was getting hangry .
I watched him this morning juicing a grapefruit , guava , blood orange , mango , plums , and grapes and pouring the elixir into a giant glass pitcher .
He chases a four - hour mountain - bike ride with a pepperoni pizza and a pitcher of beer .
joseph peter '' smokey '' lotz ( january 2 , 1891 -- january 1 , 1971 ) was a pitcher in major league baseball .
michael thomas roth ( born february 15 , 1990 ) is an american professional baseball pitcher for the los angeles angels of anaheim of major league baseball ( mlb ) .
hodges ' only appearance in the 1947 world series against the new york yankees was as a pinch hitter for pitcher rex barney in game seven ; he struck out .
family moriarty was the grandfather of actor and former law & order star michael moriarty , who also played pitcher henry wiggen in the 1973 baseball movie bang the drum slowly .
a left-handed pitcher at grant high school in van nuys , california , umbarger was the 33rd pick in the 1971 major league draft by the cleveland indians , but opted to attend arizona state university .
félix antonio sánchez ( born august 3 , 1981 in puerto plata , dominican republic ) is a former major league baseball pitcher who played in the major leagues briefly with the chicago cubs as a september callup in .
marcos molina marcos molina ( born march 8 , 1995 ) is a dominican professional baseball pitcher in the new york mets organization .
thomas david waddell ( born september 17 , 1957 ) is a former major league baseball pitcher .
john william patterson ( born may 11 , 1987 ) is an american professional baseball pitcher for the los angeles dodgers of major league baseball .
jeffrey bruce keener ( born january 14 , 1959 ) is a former major league baseball player , who appeared as a relief pitcher in two seasons with the national league 's st. louis cardinals .
january 15 - in his first year of eligibility , former cardinals pitcher bob gibson is the only player elected to the baseball hall of fame .
adrian d. sampson ( born october 7 , 1991 ) is an american professional baseball pitcher in the pittsburgh pirates organization .
robert allen parnell ( born september 8 , 1984 ) is an american baseball pitcher for the new york mets .
douglas alan johns ( december 19 , 1967 , in south bend , indiana ) , is a retired major league baseball player who was a pitcher from - .
albert george cole ( july 1 , 1896 -- may 30 , 1975 ) was a major league baseball pitcher who played six seasons in the major leagues with the detroit tigers ( 1921 -- 1925 ) , cleveland indians ( 1925 ) , and chicago white sox ( 1927 ) .
william benton piercy ( may 2 , 1896 -- august 28 , 1951 ) , born in el monte , california , was a pitcher for the new york yankees ( 1917 and 1921 ) , boston red sox ( 1922 -- 24 ) and chicago cubs ( 1926 ) .
a left-handed pitcher , he was selected by the detroit tigers in the fourth round of the 1966 amateur draft .
a right-handed pitcher , he appeared in major league baseball for the st. louis cardinals and the new york yankees during the season .
robert britt burns ( born june 8 , 1959 ) is a former major league baseball pitcher from 1978 until 1985 , pitching for the chicago white sox compiling a career mark of 70 wins and 60 losses with a 3.66 era .
ruth williams ( heverly ) ( february 12 , 1926 -- february 10 , 2005 ) was a pitcher who played from through in the all-american girls professional baseball league .
june 28 - new york yankees pitcher david wells takes the mound wearing an authentic babe ruth cap he 'd purchased for $ 35,000 .
scott gavin erickson ( born february 2 , 1968 ) is a former major league baseball pitcher .
gregory brian minton ( born july 29 , 1951 in lubbock , texas ) is a former major league baseball right-handed pitcher who played for the california angels and san francisco giants .
a right-handed pitcher , pole was tall and weighed during his playing career .
notable alumni jason bergmann ( born 1981 ) , pitcher in the boston red sox organization .
29 june 2005 baseball : texas rangers pitcher kenny rogers is in trouble with his team and could be in trouble with the law after he shoves two cameramen walking onto the field at ameriquest field in arlington , texas for a pre-game warm-up before a game against the los angeles angels .
in doing so , lackey became the first starting pitcher in major league history to win two world series '' clinching '' games with two different teams .daniel ray herrera -- major league baseball pitcher currently playing for the new york mets .
timothy michael bausher ( born april 23 , 1979 in pottstown , pennsylvania ) was a right-handed pitcher who played for the nashua pride .
wilmer david '' vinegar bend '' mizell ( august 13 , 1930 -- february 21 , 1999 ) was an american left-handed pitcher in major league baseball who went on to serve three terms as a republican u.s. congressman from north carolina between 1969 and 1975 .
anaheim pitcher posted a 3.81 era with him behind the plate .
chien-ming wang ( ; born march 31 , 1980 ) is a taiwanese professional baseball pitcher in the chicago white sox minor-league organization .
timothy james stauffer ( born june 2 , 1982 ) is an american professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent .
he also hit two home runs on september 27 , both off montreal expos ' pitcher javier vázquez .
he is the grandfather of former major league pitcher daniel barone .
one of his grandsons , blake hawksworth , is a major league baseball pitcher .
wirfin y. obispo ( born september 26 , 1984 ) is a dominican professional baseball pitcher with the pittsburgh pirates .
charles joseph '' chuckie '' fick ( born ) is an american professional baseball pitcher for the olmecas de tabasco of the mexican league .
john alexander charles hamill ( -- ) was a major league baseball pitcher who played one season for the washington nationals of the american association .
elih christopher villanueva ( born , july 26 , 1986 ) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the miami marlins organization .
henry dunn ( binghamton ) led off the inning with an infield single and advanced to third base on an error by pitcher brad mincey .
marion john '' marty '' kutyna ( born november 14 , 1932 in philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is an american former right-handed pitcher in professional baseball .