a special crane unloads the rail sections and places them on each side of the temporary track , approximately 3.5 m ( 12 ft ) apart .
a more obvious external change was the fitting of large crane - like davit , each capable of holding six lifeboats .
one of the most significant of pika 's inventions has been the paralcon hydraulic valve system that can be used on any twin boom extending-retracting crane .
types crane-climbing formwork : the working platform and the formwork are a unit climbing formwork ( crane-climbing ) - in this type of climbing formwork , the formwork around the structure is displaced upwards with the help of one or more crane once the hardening of the concrete has proceeded far enough .
a rigger at work on ( tva ) douglas dam , tennessee , june 1942 a rigger is a person or company that specializes in the lifting and moving of extremely large or heavy objects , often with the assistance of a crane or derrick .
his father 's business under his leadership became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
peterman was on a platform suspended eighteen feet from the ground when the crane holding the platform snapped , throwing peterman to the ground .
when she was modernized in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and both ships were equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
before extensive use of container ships and shore-based handling machinery in the united states , longshoremen referred exclusively to the dockworkers , while stevedores , in a separate trade union , worked on the ships , operating ship 's crane and moving cargo .
william armstrong 's first hydraulic crane is erected at newcastle upon tyne in england .
the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .
he owned a construction crane operation , became president of the german bobsleigh society , and aided aviation historians of world war i. he died in munich on 29 july 1978 , the last living aviation recipient of the pour le merite .
in 1898 , the company began a transition to using company-built streetcars and machinery ( such as crane and snowplow ) rather than purchasing the cars from other companies .
many of the latter type of arv had an a-frame or crane to allow the vehicle 's crew to perform heavy lifting tasks , such as removing the engine from a disabled tank .
the port 's facilities include crane , large berth , and warehouse , but these facilities are not in good condition .
the site of a large shipyard will contain many specialised crane , dry dock , slipway , dust-free warehouses , painting facilities and extremely large areas for fabrication of the ships .
low-altitude drop tests may be conducted by releasing the test vehicle from a crane or gantry .
the main single line had to be temporarily severed and slued so that the carriage could be shunted onto its own track without the use of a crane .
on the day that the two halves of the bridge were joined , each side of columbus drive was closed for a 12-hour period and a crane was used to install the girders .
the model is now used in an attraction at disney 's hollywood studios cinematographer donald peterman suffered head injuries , a broken leg and broken ribs due to a crane accident on the film set in 1997 .
the crane which arrived to remove the monument from lihula could not enter the cemetery because of a crowd of protesting people .
there is a crane at the top of the mst , which allows the payload and gem-60 solid motors to be attached to the vehicle .
economy rzhev produces most of the crane used in constructing apartment buildings and shopping malls in moscow .
the main products were crane and tackles , but also trolleybus and excavator .
it is assumed that the column drums were lifted by crane into their place .
after the population recovered it continued building up the city and in 1364 a crane was built for the port .
if this occurs then the player 's vehicle is hoisted back onto the track ( by a nearby crane ) which costs valuable time .
the sliding walls taper inwards towards the top and are connected by an articulated joint so the walls can be spread and slid apart , so that one half of the wagon is entirely open and may be loaded or unloaded from the side by forklift truck or from above by crane .
in 1917 , the naval general staff decided to add another seaplane and a crane to handle them .
on 14 march 2011 , with construction already underway on the main pylon , the one show broadcast footage of the on-site status of project , and profiled the four-man team putting it together , comprising two steel erector , a crane operator and a site foreman .
they often featured crane - like attachments with magnets for picking up small cargo and storage boxes .
shimizu-minato station 's industrial crane has been preserved and can be see in the grounds of s-pulse dream plaza , a shopping and entertainment complex on the station 's former site .
intermodal freight transport uses standardized containers , which are handled by crane .
in horizontal vertical and transport great progress resulted from the invention of the crane , the winch , the wheelbarrow and the odometer .
using a giant crane to remove the slab , known as a capstone , a burial chamber was revealed containing what little remained of a bronze age body and grave goods .
inside the shed will generally be a platform and sometimes a small crane to allow easier loading and unloading of wagons .
they often have crane and forklift for moving goods , which are usually placed on iso standard pallet loaded into pallet rack .
the most familiar modern type of portable buildings are designed so that one can be carried to or from site on a large lorry and slung on and off by a crane .
these boxes would be lifted out of the boats , positioned by crane over a bunker or cart and emptied by releasing the chains on the base .
they are designed to lift limited weights -- usually less than a ton , although some have a higher safe working load ( swl ) -- distinguishing them from most types of crane .
among migratory species : wild duck , hoopoe , red heron , egret , ash colored heron , crane , stork , kite and tit .
the sanctuary also is habitat for harriers , common crane , black partridge ( local name : ` kalo tetar ' ) , sand grouse , black and grey francolin , spotted and indian sandgrouse , quails , larks , shrikes , coursers and plovers .
systematics and evolution the family rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds , the crane and bustard , as well as several smaller families of usually '' primitive '' mid-sized amphibious birds , to make up the order gruiformes .
it is given in a bag decorated with a crane and a turtle , which represent long life in japan .
fauna and flora famous animals in the national park include the red deer , the crane , the white-tailed eagle and the osprey .
cormorant , crane , raven and crow are also noted , white-tailed eagle frequents the area and black stork , red kite and short-eared owl have been recorded occasionally on the bog .
he is a star god accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity , and also sometimes accompanied by a black deer .
an alternative view is that the village is named after the welsh word '' garan '' which means heron , stork or crane .
white-tailed eagle , crane and otter also occur in the area .
he makes an origami crane every time he kills someone , a trait which was influenced by woo 's daughter when he saw her making them .
five kinds of animal parts fenghuang -- a chinese creature that has the head of a golden pheasant , the body of a mandarin duck , the tail of a peacock , the legs of a crane , the mouth of a parrot , and the wings of a swallow .
loon , grebes , pelican , hawk and eagle , crane , sandpiper , gull , parrots , and owls are among the families missing this feather .
he flew across the sahara and over the mediterranean sea to sicily with eagle , from siberia to iran ( 5,500 km ) with a flock of siberian crane , and over mount everest with nepal eagles .
some of the birds endemic to the park are on the iucn and georgian red book list because they are verging on extinction in the area , including the black stork , crane and great white egret .
unlike prokinesis , which is widespread in birds , rhynchokinesis is only known in crane , shorebird , swift and hummingbird .
author moons about cornflower-blue skies , frosty air to breathe in deeply , ice-flowers on winter window glass , snow to fall on the chest , birch trees , boundless snowfield , crane flying wedges , summarizing it all with the question : '' oh , dear homeland !
the darß is famous for being a resting place for tens of thousands of migrating crane and geese .
once , the seasonal bird populations in the san joaquin basin were immense , especially in the now-dry tulare lake region : '' it took something different , though , to capture the sound of the blue sky as it turned dark and deafening from the wings and cries of millions of native and migratory birds -- canadian geese , mallards , swan , pelican , crane , teal , and curlew .
turna is the turkish word for species crane .
bird groups found there include : eagle , vulture , stork , crane , egret , lapwing , kite , owl , kingfisher , quail and dove .
it is an important breeding , moulting and resting area for numerous birds including the kingfisher , bittern , whooper swan , goosander , great crested grebe , crane and sea eagle .
local birds like the water fowl , cuckoo , owl and water hen and other common varieties like the woodpecker , sky lark , crane and parrot can also be spotted here .
the object in question is actually a bird borrowed from the los angeles zoo , most likely a crane or an emu , one of several placed on the indoor set to give it a more realistic feel .
grus is a genus of large bird in the crane family .
animal life the trail is home to numerous forms of wildlife , among them : bird , such as blue herons , crane , woodpecker , red-tailed hawk , and peregrine falcon .
she has a beautiful pet crane named '' shippu '' , which she later gives to motoko in the thirteenth volume after motoko finally defeats her .
a white-tailed tropicbird or longtail fossil remains of a variety of species have been found on the island , including a crane , an owl and the short-tailed albatross .
sadako and the thousand cranes one of the most famous origami designs is the japanese crane .
the neck is relatively shorter and thicker than other long-legged wading birds such as heron and crane .
this is characteristic of herons and bittern , and distinguishes them from stork , crane , and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
species found around the salt flats include flamingo ( phoenicopterus roseus ) ; grey ( ardea cinerea ) and purple heron ( ardea purpurea ) ; stork ; crane ; waders including avocet and oystercatcher ; and overwintering duck .
among the birds prized for their plumage are the marabout , crane , heron , blacks bird , parrot , jay and hummingbird of extraordinary brilliance , among insect the most numerous and useful is the bee , honey everywhere constituting an important part of the food of the inhabitants .
the ornate bridge railings are decorated with carvings of crane and other animals .
the men wear blue jeans or slacks and hats , which are usually cowboy or ballcap styles , usually with a single eagle , hawk or crane feather in the hatband .
all portions of the national park are famous for being a resting place for tens of thousands of crane and geese .
bird species include the crane , which has only recently started to breed in the area , bittern , little grebe , red-necked grebe , teal , snipe and curlew .
there is a tiled goldfish pond against one wall of the living room , and a plaque above it with and image of crane .
rare birds have settled here including the crane and the black stork .
steppe dwellers include the mongolian lark , demoiselle crane and long tailed siberian souslik .
they depict , on the left , jeremiah and habakkuk ; the eternal father and the blessed virgin ; an angel and saint john the evangelist ; and saint cyriacus ; and , on the right , figures of animals : two crane on a pomegranate tree , an eagle , two peacocks on a tree and two gryphons .