a bit is a binary digit that represents one of two states .
questions that are frequently asked in this exam are fraction , subtraction , multiplication , division , addition , area and volume , mass , perimeter , decimal points , average , data , digit number , percent , money , time , date and .
similarly , telephone numbers are routinely expected to include the digit and possibly the characters + , - , ( , and ) ( plus , minus , and parentheses ) .
representation introduction a rational number is represented in quote notation as a sequence of digit with a quote mark and radix point .
analogous to a bit , a ternary digit is a trit ( tr inary dig it ) .
two dice of different colors are typically used for the two digit to represent numbers from 00 to 99 .
a serial computer is typified by bit-serial architecture -- i.e. , internally operating on one bit or digit for each clock cycle .
vampire numbers and other mathematical highlights in mathematics , a vampire number or true vampire number is a composite natural number v , with an even number of digit n , that can be factored into two integers x and y each with n / 2 digits and not both with trailing zeroes , where v contains all the digits from x and from y , in any order .
their mechanical design was very unusual in that their result dials ( sums , differences , and products ) moved at speeds proportional to the digit in the corresponding column of the keyboard .
a redundant binary representation ( rbr ) is a numeral system that uses more bits than needed to represent a single binary digit so that most numbers have several representations .
verbal arithmetic , also known as alphametics , cryptarithmetic , crypt-arithmetic , cryptarithm or word addition , is a type of mathematical game consisting of a mathematical equation among unknown number , whose digit are represented by letter .
digital clock display the time in periodically changing digit on a digital display .
land-line ( fixed-line ) numbers start with digit 2 , followed by 1 or 2 digits area code that corresponds to a geographic area .
modern electronic calculators contain a keyboard with buttons for digit and arithmetical operations .
some children who can not read may lack the underlying intellectual ability to associate a word ( i.e. , a series of graphical figures ) with its meaning ( i.e. , a semantic unit ) ; and some children who can not perform arithmetic may lack the underlying intellectual ability to associate a digit ( a numeric unit ) with its meaning ( a symbolic unit ) .
multiple-instance learning was originally proposed under this name by , but earlier examples of similar research exist , for instance in the work on handwritten digit recognition by .
this requires more than just a simple font ; mailing list must be standardized with up-to-date coding accuracy support system ( cass ) - certified software that adds and verifies a full , correct zip +4 code and an additional two digit representing the exact delivery point .
identification the term license plate is the official term used by the iata , the airlines , and the airports for the 10 - digit numeric code on a bag tag issued by a carrier or handling agent at check-in .
in computing and electronic systems , binary-coded decimal ( bcd ) is a class of binary encodings of decimal numbers where each decimal digit is represented by a fixed number of bit , usually four or eight , although other sizes ( such as six bits ) have been used historically .
in mathematics , trailing zeros are a sequence of 0 in the decimal representation ( or more generally , in any positional representation ) of a number , after which no other digit follow .
vulgar fraction with 3 in the denominator have a single digit repeating sequences in their decimal expansions , ( .000 ... , .333 ... , .666 ... ) a natural number is divisible by three if the sum of its digits in base 10 is divisible by 3 .
characters and strings a character type ( typically called '' char '' ) may contain a single letter , digit , punctuation mark , symbol , formatting code , control code , or some other specialized code ( e.g. , a byte order mark ) .
a googol is the large number 10 100 ; that is , the digit 1 followed by 100 zeroes : the term was coined in 1938 by 9-year-old milton sirotta , nephew of american mathematician edward kasner .
selected 7-digit numbers ( 1,000,000 -- 9,999,999 ) 1,000,003 -- smallest 7 - digit prime number 1,046,527 -- carol number 1,048,576 = 2 20 ( power of two ) , 2,116 - gonal number , an 8,740-gonal number and a 174,764-gonal number , the number of byte in a mebibyte , the number of kibibyte in a gibibyte , and so on .
other codes in reserve for this use : 522 ( had been used for mexico roaming ) , 588 ( as with 522 , '' easily recognizable '' codes as the second and third digit match ) , plus these '' regular '' 5xx codes : 521 , 523 , 524 , 525 , 526 , 527 , 528 , 529 ( other 52x codes for mexico roaming ) , 532 , 535 , 538 , 542 , 543 , 545 , 546 , 547 , 549 , 550 , 552 , 553 , 554 , 556 , 558 , 569 , 578 , and 589 .
most often , the delivery point is added , usually being the last two digit of the address or po box number .
therefore , when a vulgar fraction with 7 in the denominator is converted to a decimal expansion , the result has the same six - digit repeating sequence after the decimal point , but the sequence can start with any of those six digits .
these four or five digit codes are a standardized system intended to aid checkout and inventory control in produce markets .
data is encoded by assigning a bit pattern to each character , digit , or multimedia object .
similarly , the magnitude of the largest normal number in a format is given by where p is the precision of the format in digit and emax is ( emin ) +1 .
in mathematical notation for number , signed-digit representation indicates that each digit is associated with a sign , positive or negative .
decimal palindromic numbers all numbers in base 10 with one digit are palindromic .
some displays can show only digit or alphanumeric characters .
more formally , a 10-adic number can be defined as where each of the a i is a digit taken from the set -lcb- 0 , 1 , ... , 9 -rcb- and the initial index may be positive , negative or 0 , but must be finite .
the mobile identification number ( min ) or mobile subscription identification number ( msin ) refers to the 10 - digit unique number that a wireless carrier uses to identify a mobile phone , which is the last part of the international mobile subscriber identity ( imsi ) .
the earliest of these were for in-band signaling between switching centers , where long-distance telephone operators used a 16 - digit keypad to input the next portion of the destination telephone number in order to contact the next downstream long-distance telephone operator .
it used bi-quinary coded decimal arithmetic with four bits per digit , allowing 11-digit signed numbers .
in mathematics , a primeval number is a natural number n for which the number of prime number which can be obtained by permuting some or all of its digit ( in base 10 ) is larger than the number of primes obtainable in the same way for any smaller natural number .
it is rarely used in mathematics because it is indistinguishable from the latin letters o , o and easily confused with the digit 0 .
graduation in primary school students start with single digit arithmetic exercises .
it is similar to the ichnogenus aquatilavipes , but has a thicker digit iii impression and is more asymmetrical .
a man pointing at a woman during an argument the index finger , ( also referred to as forefinger , pointer finger , trigger finger , digitus secundus , digitus ii , and ) , is the first finger and the second digit of a human hand .
the other options are digitigrade , walking on the toe with the heel and wrist permanently raised , and unguligrade , walking on the nail or nails of the toes ( the hoof ) with the heel/wrist and the digit permanently raised .
morphology pronycticebus neglectus possessed what appears to be a grooming claw on the second digit of each foot like modern strepsirhine ( fleagle , 1999 ) and had a dental formula of 2 : 1 : 4 : 3 .
in gangrenous digit , amputation is frequently required .
for example , there were five digit on each hand and four on each foot .
the four-toed jerboa hind-limbs have an extra digit compared to other jerboas in the allactaga genus .
the thumb is the last digit of the hand .
the polydactyly in these largely aquatic animal is not to be confused with polydactyly in the medical sense , i.e. it was not an anomaly in the sense it was not a congenital condition of having more than the typical number of digit for a given taxon .
each digit had a first segment , the metacarpal , lying in the palm region .
research an example of her work is a lifelike robotic hand , modeled bone-by-bone from a human hand , with multiple motors each corresponding to muscle and with strings playing the role of tendon along each digit .
a dewclaw is a digit -- vestigial in some animals -- on the foot of many mammal , bird , and reptile ( including some extinct orders , like certain theropod ) .
the limb are well developed with long digit and sharp claw .
andrus point ( ) is a prominent , rocky , digit - like headland that juts eastward into lady newnes bay toward the floating glacier tongue of the parker glacier , in victoria land .
acral fibrokeratoma ( also known as an '' acquired digit fibrokeratoma , '' and '' acquired periungual fibrokeratoma '' ) is characterized by a pinkish , hyperkeratotic , hornlike projection occurring on a finger , toe , or palm .
some evolutionary anatomist use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally -- for example , in the context of whether the three digit of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand .
many maintain that it is easier for digit to be reduced or lost during evolution than the reverse , however there is no evidence for this .
some other genera , such as neoseps , have reduced limbs , lacking forelegs , and with fewer than five toe ( digit ) on each foot .
a finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit , an organ of and found in the hand of human and other primate .
close-up of a ruffed lemur 's foot , showing the toilet-claw on the second toe and nails on all other toes like all primates , lemurs have five divergent digit with nail ( in most cases ) on their hands and feet .
it is notable for having chicks that possess claw on two of their wing digit .
the two frogs can be distinguished by a disproportionately long second digit of the inner front toes in the case of l. fletcheri .
toes are the digit of the foot of a tetrapod .
the articulating prosthetic hand has individually powered digit and thumb and has a choice of grips .
other genera , such as neoseps , have reduced limbs , lacking forelegs , and with fewer than five toe ( digit ) on each foot .
the word '' hand '' is sometimes used by evolutionary anatomists to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb such as when researching the homology between the three digit of the bird hand and the dinosaur hand .
the reticulated leaf frog ( phyllomedusa ayeaye ) has a single opposed digit on each fore foot and two opposed digits on its hind feet .
some players , such as backwell and chick have opted for amputation of digit in a bid to extend their playing careers and continue to mark the ball .
when all of the player 's lives are exhausted , a '' number match '' screen appears with a random 3 - digit number in 50-base increments ( 100 , 150 , 200 , 250 , and so on ) .