in may 2011 playboy introduced i.playboy.com , a complete , uncensored version of its near 700 issue archive , targeting the apple ipad .
a popular halloween - themed photo manipulation app , imut8r was named the iphone app of the week by apple october 20 , 2010 .
initially started as a project within apple to provide a replacement for the mac os , it was later spun off into a joint venture with ibm , for the purpose of building a competing platform to microsoft cairo and nextstep , as part of the aim alliance .
the changes to the dock bring its functionality also close to that of apple 's newton os button bar , as found in the messagepad 2x00 series and the likes .
history intel , silicon graphics , apple , and sun all had retained mode scene graph apis under development in 1996 .
phones that support this feature include : all alcatel one touch basic and feature phones , and running android apple iphone most blackberry devices all windows phone all htc models running android most lg devices most motorola devices most nokia models , including series 40 and 60 phones .
versions of the game were produced for both the windows pc and apple macintosh operating systems .
the brand does not have any retail outlets but sells selected items via high street stores including hmv , apple premium resellers and selfridges & co .
spectre was a computer game for the apple macintosh , developed in 1990 by peninsula gameworks and published in 1991 by velocity development .
it was released in europe and on a limited basis in north america for the microsoft windows and apple macintosh platforms .
in contrast to his earlier albums , he produced this album entirely on an apple laptop computer using propellerhead's reason software for composition and sonoma wire works ' riffworks for recording .
the brand later released their service as an application for apple and android devices .
for example , when apple launched the ipod there was an immediate need for accessories such as headphones , charging and syncing stations and carrying cases .
on september 9 , 2014 , apple announced the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus which supports hevc/h .265 for facetime over cellular .
apple keyboards designed for mac os x have two language input keys , alphanumeric and kana .
the ipod is first introduced by apple .
the january 2007 unveiling of the iphone , apple 's first smartphone , caught rubin off-guard and led to a change in course for the project .
adobe also announced that it would continue to offer bug fixes for the cs6 products so that they will continue to run on the next versions of microsoft windows and apple os x .
editing was achieved using the apple final cut pro system .
other products include game software for the most popular platforms by sony , microsoft , nintendo and apple .
shops and restaurants the galleria at roseville houses a mixture of high-end tenants like louis vuitton , burberry , tiffany & co . , omega , juicy couture , hugo boss , and guess? as well as mid-tier tenants like apple , disney store , lolli and pops , lush cosmetics , lucky brand jeans , aeropostale , hot topic , oakley , gilly hicks , zumiez , and banana republic .
it is used on apple keyboards as the symbol for the command key .
since then it has become a swiss national icon , included among examples of outstanding 20th-century design by both the design museum in london and the museum of modern art in new york city , and its clockface design is licensed for use on certain apple devices such as ipad and iphone .
the app has received press coverage throughout 2013 and 2014 and is available on the apple and google app stores .
in march the apple iphone is expected to be released on rogers wireless service provider .
the robot in the icon for apple 's automator , which also uses a pipeline concept to chain repetitive commands together , holds a pipe in homage to the original unix concept .
the app caught the attention of apple who featured trimit as a new and noteworthy application on the app store at the same time .
conflict resolver is an application used by apple 's sync services .
top ten holdings : apple inc. ( aapl ) exxon mobil corp. ( xom ) international business machines ( ibm ) at&t inc. ( t ) microsoft corp. ( msft ) general electric co. ( ge ) citigroup inc. ( c ) chevron corp. ( cvx ) johnson & johnson ( jnj ) coca-cola co. ( ko ) pfizer inc. ( pfe ) ( as of june 2012 ) competitors ishares s & p 100 mainly competes with s & p 500 funds , including spdr s & p 500 ( ) , ishares core s & p 500 ( ) , and vanguard s & p 500 etf ( ) .
the most popular platforms however are apple devices followed by android smartphones and tablets .
on october 19 , 2012 , apple releases an exclusive and innovative mobile app edition of urban wolf available on its 172 itunes app stores worldwide for iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
for one , htc has been outspent on marketing by samsung and apple , as htc instead had relied heavily on carriers to promote its products .
the kutztown 13 in october 2004 , the school distributed apple ibook laptops to all students , as part of the '' one-to-one '' program to facilitate school work .
the internet also provides opportunity for other news services like information technology the first computers were apple machines brought in by the university of the south pacific extension centre around the early 1980s .
symbol is one of the four standard fonts available on all postscript - based printers , starting with apple 's original laserwriter ( 1985 ) .
ifrogz is a utah-based manufacturer of brand-driven apple digital audio accessories , with an emphasis on phone cases .
in the article , west compares himself to apple co-founder steve jobs and refers to himself as '' the nucleus of all society .
the magic mouse is a multi-touch mouse manufactured and sold by apple .
engagement advertising truex has worked with microsoft , visa , apple , disney , coca-cola , kia , kraft , macys , nestle , procter & gamble and discover on online advertisements .
as of february 2014 , twitch is the fourth largest source of internet traffic during peak times in the united states , behind netflix , google , and apple .
red represents tomatoes , as leamington is the '' tomato capital of canada '' , and for other fruits , such as apple .
recorded food plants include apple , birch , blackthorn , currant , hawthorn , prunus , rowan , amelanchier and willow .
natural occurrence 1-undecanol is found naturally in many foods such as fruits ( including apple and banana ) , butter , eggs and cooked pork .
it is also used to replace the natural wax of the apple , which is removed during the cleaning process .
habitat feeds on all trees including apple , birch , elder , hawthorn , hazel , oak and sea buckthorn .
washington 's father said '' my son , your truth means more to me than 1,000 trees bathed in silver , with apple of gold .
a typical recipe for mancha manteles contains turkey , chorizo , pork , pineapple , apple , banana , chili pepper , almonds , cinnamon , lard , and tomato .
apple groves foster the production of the region 's traditional alcoholic drink , a natural cider ( sidra ) .
chichas can also be made from manioc root ( also called yuca or cassava ) , grape , apple or various other fruits .
frequently , the influence of fertilization is felt beyond the ovary , and other parts of the flower take part in the formation of the fruit , e.g. , the floral receptacle in the apple , strawberry , and others .
agriculture is efficient and productive with large areas covered with orchards ( apple and pear ) and vegetables .
it has created soft drinks such as '' manzana postobón '' , an apple - flavored soda , and its most popular '' colombiana '' , a '' cola champagne .
fruit trees are common in the valley , and the cultivated orchards yield pears , apple , peach , and cherries .
it belongs economically and geographically to the alto valle region that produces apple , pear , and other fruits .
the area is known for producing butter , cheese , cider and calvados , the apple - based spirit that takes its name from the area .
a large picnic area with charcoal grills , thirteen tables and one pavilion is in an old apple orchard .
occurrence hcn is obtainable from fruit that have a pit , such as cherries , apricot , apple , and bitter almond , from which almond oil and flavoring are made .
occurrence almond , apricot , apple and cherry kernels , contain significant amounts of amygdalin .
in addition to the staple crops mentioned , mongolia also produced small quantities of oil-yielding crops , such as sunflower and grape , and fruits and vegetables , such as sea buckthorn , apple , european black currant , watermelon , muskmelon , onion , and garlic .
local production is abundant , one of the most popular local products is the , a local type of apple whose origins are old indeed : it is believed to have first been planted by the romans .
modern homemade kvass most often uses black or regular rye bread , usually dried ( called plural suhari ) , baked into crouton , or fried , with the addition of sugar or fruit ( e.g. , apple or raisins ) , and with a yeast culture and zakvaska ( '' kvass fermentation starter '' ) .
it has 360 acres of its own orchard in somerset , as well as using apple from other growers in the area .
a peeler ( potato peeler or vegetable peeler ) is a kitchen tool consisting of a slotted metal blade attached to a handle , that is used to remove the outer skin or peel of certain vegetable , frequently potato and carrot , and fruit such as apple , pear , etc. .
the centre-du-québec is a primarily agricultural region known as the breadbasket of quebec ; major products include livestock and poultry , dairy products , as well as food crops such as cereal , vegetable , and fruit such as apple and cranberries .
at emmanuel college , cambridge university , he was awarded an msc in 1923 for his work on tree slime flux , particularly willow , elm , horse chestnut , and apple trees .
her favorite foods are strawberries , apple and cherries and she loves playing with her radio controlled duck .
categories the illinois state fair , operated by the illinois department of agriculture , recognizes ten distinct categories of illinois wine : dessert wine fruit wine generic blended wine hybrid red hybrid white native american red native american white sparkling wine vinifera red vinifera white in addition to grape-based wine , several wineries in the illinois ozarks ( part of the ozarks ) and other regions of illinois make fruit wine from apple , peach , and berries .
apple and pear juices are used , and date or other fruit juices can be used as well .
it is a productive agricultural area , producing a significant portion of canada 's apple crop .
the farm included the ramshackle farmhouse , a barn , a silo , a chicken coop , and an apple orchard .
the surrounding area produces 20 % of patagonia's apple and 28 % of its pear .
varieties frozen blintzes being fried in a pan some ways blintzes/blini are prepared and served include : the batter may contain various additions , such as grated potato or apple and raisins .
children have always been able to choose milk with their happy meal and the chain added fruit juice drink instead of a soft drink , and bags of dried fruit ( or a whole piece of fruit such as an apple or carrot sticks ) in place of fries .
named for its heart-like form , it is shaped more like the outline of the cross section of a round apple without the stalk .
for example , say person a alone is too short to reach an apple on a tree and person b is too short as well .
only one of them , the september sculpture representing the apple harvest , is female .
it was primarily a farming town producing corn and apple , but with exceptional water power sites on the nezinscot river .
the group includes a number of plants bearing commercially important fruit , such as apple and pear , while others are cultivated as ornamentals .
cruncheroos is a whole grain oat breakfast cereal manufactured by kellogg's , originally available in the united states and canada in two flavors , apple and cinnamon or honey and almond .
the mountainous terrain offered little food but some pear , apple , and other tree-fruits insufficient to feed such a host of fighting men .