By the 1980s , indie pop and alternative rock bands such as The Alarm , The Pooh Sticks and The Darling Buds were popular in their genres .
Power pop is a rock music subgenre that draws its inspiration from 1960s British and American rock music .
Having sold around 10 million copies worldwide , Stereophonics are one of the most successful Welsh rock acts .
In recent years , the festival has broadened its appeal by adding comedy , rock and popular music acts to the bill .
Gaelic folk rock band Runrig started in Skye and former singer Donnie Munro still works on the island .
Celtic rock developed as a variant of the electric folk by Scottish groups including the JSD Band and Spencer 's Feat .
The adoption of British folk rock heavily influenced by Scottish traditional music produced groups including the JSD Band and Spencer 's Feat .
It is also the hometown of guitarist Mark Parry of Vancouver rock band The Manvils .
Daltrey initially based his style on Motown and rock and roll , but from Tommy onwards he tackled a wider range of styles .
Power pop is a more aggressive form of pop rock that is based on catchy, melodic hooks and energetic moods .
In the 1980s , Tyler ventured into rock music with songwriter and producer Jim Steinman .
After Bowie there has been no other pop icon of his stature , because the pop world that produces these rock gods doesn't exist any more .
Stereophonics are a Welsh rock band that formed in 1992 in the village of Cwmaman in the Cynon Valley .
Man are a band from South Wales whose style is a mixture of West Coast psychedelia, progressive rock and blues .
They are not to be confused with the 70s folk rock band Thorin Eichenschild .
Hanoi Rocks was a pioneering 1980s artist that inspired the American hard rock group Guns N' Roses , among others .
Manson is best known as the lead vocalist of the alternative rock band Garbage .
Britpop and indie began to dominate along with traditional rock and metal acts .
It has occasionally been blended with styles such as rock-n-roll and punk rock .
Welsh folk rock includes a number of bands, such as Moniars , Gwerinos , The Bluehorses , Bob Delyn a'r Ebillion and Taran .
Once in this form , water passing through the rock can carry and deposit minerals , which can alter the color of it .
As glaciers flow over bedrock , they soften and lift blocks of rock into the ice.
Because deeper rock is often older , as noted by the principle of superposition , this can result in older rocks moving on top of younger ones .
The geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .
Because of the nature of the rocks no good rock climbing has been recorded on the Merrick .
In the shallow crust , where brittle deformation can occur , thrust faults form , which causes deeper rocks to move on top of shallower rock .
Narrow sites such as Conwy were instead built on tall rock formations , making any attack difficult .
At the mouth of the lough are several small rock and shingle islands which are of importance to terns .
Basalt is a common extrusive igneous rock and forms lava flows , lava sheets and lava plateaus .
Dubh Artach lighthouse is located on a remote rock and warns seafarers away from the area itself and the nearby Torran Rocks .
It occurs where previously compressed rock is allowed to return to its original shape more rapidly than can be maintained without faulting .
Their isotopic concentration in a natural rock sample depends greatly on the presence of these three parent uranium and thorium isotopes .
Geological interest extends underground , and there are many rock shelters and solution caves in the area .
In the laboratory , biostratigraphers analyze rock samples from outcrop and drill cores for the fossils found in them .
If a retreating glacier gains enough debris, it may become a rock glacier , like the Timpanogos Glacier in Utah .
Many rock carvings depict ships , and the large stone burial monuments known as stone ships suggest that shipping played an important role .
On Earth , gold is found in ores in rock formed from the Precambrian time onward .
This rock can be weathered and eroded , then redeposited and lithified into a sedimentary rock .
Work has involved the cutting of several rock tunnels beneath the sea cliffs .
Hydraulic action and abrasion are what erodes the soft rock and the water to fall down to the river bed .
The estuary is shallowest at its mouth , where terminal glacial moraines or rock bars form sills that restrict water flow .
The change of rock composition most responsible for the creation of magma is the addition of water .
Temperatures can also exceed the solidus of a crustal rock in continental crust thickened by compression at a plate boundary .
Kisimul Castle at Castlebay is on a rock in the bay , giving the village its name .
The Mournes are visited by many tourists , hillwalkers , cyclists and rock climbers .
This expansion causes the ice to act as a lever that loosens the rock by lifting it .
This leads to an effect similar to what would be seen if the rock were hit by a large hammer .
The Snowdon Massif includes a number of spectacular cliffs , and holds an important place in the history of rock climbing in the United Kingdom .
Thousands of rock carvings depict ships , most probably representing sewn plank built canoes for warfare, fishing and trade .
This reduces flow into the borehole from the surrounding rock formation , and partially seals off the borehole .